EXHIBIT A

(yilddMQ M

i	Ur

BALLOT LANGUAGE

Shall the Los Altos School District be authorized to implement a special tax
and increase its Gann Appropriations Limit by the amount of revenue generated
by that special tax?

The rate for the first four years of the special tax shall be S168 per parcel
per year, beginning July 1, 1989. in accordance with State law, the voters
shall have the opportunity to approve the continuation of the increase in the
Gann Appropriations Limit at least every four years. Such approval is
required for the District to use the revenues generated by the tax. No later
than two weeks after a Gann election, the Board shall reset the parcel tax
rate, but may not set a rate higher than S168 per parcel per year.

The purpose of the special tax is to:

a)	Repair buildings deteriorating because the District has lacked funds for
regular preventive maintenance. These repairs include replacement of
malfunctioning heating systems, replacement of roofs, painting and
repaving;

b)	Avoid further cuts in the basic educational program;

c)	Reinstate some program cuts made in prior years, including restoration of
library services, previous levels of supervision of students on school
campuses, reinstatment of six classroom teaching positions, and basic
textbook budgets.

A parcel is defined as any parcel of land as shown on the then current
assessment roll prepared by the Santa Clara County Assessor. The special tax
shall be collected and enforced in the same manner prescribed by law for the
collection of other taxes on the assessment role. All property that is exempt
from the property tax will be exempt from this special tax.

Senior Exemption:

An exemption from the special tax shall be granted annually by the school
district on any parcel owned by one or more persons 65 years of age or over
who occupy said parcel as a principal residence, upon annual application for
exemption.