JX a •£0 ft ^ A

SAN JOSE UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT

FORMAL NOTICE OF SPECIAL TAX ELECTION

NOTICE OF DATE FIXED FOR SUBMITTING ARGUMENTS FOR OR

SPECIAL TAX MEASURE

NOTICE OF CENTRAL COUNTING LOCATION

AGAINST

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN, pursuant to Education Code Sections 5302,
5325,	5342,	5362,	and	5363	that	on Tuesday, November 5,	1991	a

Special Tax Election will be held in the San Jose Unified School
District of Santa Clara County, California for the purpose of
submitting to the voters of said District the following question:

MEASURE

Shall the San Jose Unified School district be authorized to levy a
special tax assessment of $55.00 per year per assessor's parcel for
a limited period of five (5) years beginning July 1,.1992 with the
money to be applied to classroom educational programs such as
improving teaching of basic learning skills, increasing anti-gang
and drug education and dropout prevention programs, providing more
afterschool care programs, reducing class sizes, hiring qualified
teachers, and providing other quality education programs, with an
exemption for any beneficial owner of a parcel who has attained the
age of 65 on or before May 1 of any applicable year and who uses
that parcel as the principal residence?

The special tax will be imposed in the amount of fifty five dollars
($55.00) per year for each non-exempt assessor's parcel. An
exemption from the assessment will be made available to each
individual in the District who will attain the age of 65 years
prior to May 1 of any applicable year, who uses that parcel as his
or her principal place of residence, and who applies to the
District on or before May 1 of any succeeding assessment year. Any
one application from a qualified applicant will provide an
exemption for the parcel for the remaining term of the special tax
so long as such applicant continues to use the parcel as his or her
principal residence. The District reserves the right to establish
an administrative review process relating to the approval or
disapproval of exempt parcels for which an application is made.

Section 2. The text of the measure shall be displayed
substantially as follows on each individual ballot and shall read
as follows:

SAN JOSE UNIFIED SCHOOL DISTRICT SPECIAL
TAX ASSESSMENT FOR EDUCATION PROGRAMS

Shall the San Jose Unified Jchool District be authorized to levy a
special tax assessment of $55.00 per year per assessor's parcel for
a limited period of five (5) years beginning July 1, 1992 with the