/MI=J

C=10.631.7100

MEASURE "J"

COUNTY SERVICE AREA 70 - IMPROVEMENT ZONE TV-4 (WONDER VALLEY)

SPECIAL TAX AND APPROPRIATIONS LIMIT

(1)	Shall a special tax be levied to fund television translator and
low-power television services within Improvement Zone TV-4 of County
Service Area 70 in the maximum amount of $25.00 per year per improved
parcel of real property within the zone? and

(2)	Shall there be established for said Improvemnt Zone TV-4,
pursuant to Section 4 of Article XIIIB of the California Constitution,
a base appropriations limit of thirty thousand dollars ($30,000) to
enable said zone to expend the proceeds of taxes in the furnishing of
authorized services?

YES

NO

/MI=J	C=10.631.7100

/HI

MEASURE "J"

/H4

ANALYSIS BY COUNTY COUNSEL*

/PI

This Measure will be presented to the registered voters of County
Service Area 70, Improvement Zone TV-4 (WONDER VALLEY TELEVISION)
(hereinafter "the District" at a special District election to be
consolidated with any other election held on November 7, 1995, within
the boundaries of the District. Voters will vote "Yes" or "No" on the
proposal.

/PI

Part (1) of the Measure proposes authorization for the Board of
Supervisors, acting as the governing body of the District, to levy a
special tax each year upon each improved parcel of real property
within the District. The maximum amount of tax which could be levied
under this Measure would be $25.00 per year, per improved parcel of
real property within the District. This tax would be collected in the
same manner and at the same time as County real property taxes are
collected. Resulting revenues would be used to provide television
translator and low-power television services within the District.

/PI

The authorization propsoed is not limited as to time. The Board of
Supervisors could, but is not required to, levy a tax in the above
amount or less each year for the purposes described in the Measure.

/PI

Part (2) of the Measure proposes authorization to expend revenues.
Article XIIIB of the California Constitution places a maximum limit
upon the authority of governmental agencies to appropriate the
proceeds of tax revenues and state subventions. Section 4 of Article
XIIIB requires that the base appropriations limit is to be established
by the voters of such districts.

/PI

At present, the District has no appropriations limit and therefore
cannot expend any proceeds which it might receive from taxes or from
state subventions. Part (1) of the Measure proposes a special tax
within the District, and under existing law the proceeds of such a tax
could not be expended unless a base year appropriations limit is
approved by the qualified voters voting on the Measure. Such base
limit would continue in effect indefinitely, with yearly adjustments,
unless changed by the voters.

/PI

Part (1) of the Measure proposes a "special tax" within the meaning of
Article XIIIA of the California Constitution and as such, can only be
approved if it receives a "Yes" vote from two-thirds or more of the
qualified voters voting on the Measure.

/PI

Since Parts (1) and (2) are submitted as a single Measure, the entire
Measure must receive a "Yes" vote from two-thirds or more of the
qualified voters in order to be approved.

/PI

Therefore, a "Yes" vote is a vote in favor of authorizing the proposed
special tax and establishing a base year appropriations limit of
$30,000.

/PI

A "No" vote is a vote against such authorization and establishment.

/P5

* Section 9160 of the Elections Code requires the County Counsel to
prepare an impartial analysis of measures appearing on the ballot.

/EP

/MI=J	C=10.631.7100

/HI

MEASURE "J"

/H2

ARGUMENT IN FAVOR
/P

Passage of Measure "J" ensures that television service in Wonder
Valley will be provided in our community at a reasonable cost of
twenty-five dollars ($25) per year, per improved parcel.

/P

Six television channels are to be broadcast initially. Additional
channels will be added as permitted by the Federal Communications
Commission.

/P

Community events, public meetings and activities of local interest are
planned for broadcast on Wonder Valley Television District’s low power
television channel.

/P

Historically, television services have been provided to Wonder Valley
residents by expensive satellite television systems, or through
television translators operated by the Morongo Basin Television Club,
a non-profit organization.

/P

Satellite television has failed to offer any local community news
coverage for Wonder Valley, and remains an expensive option for
television reception. Cable television providers have no plans to
serve our community within the foreseeable future, and voluntary
contributions to the Morongo Basin Television Club are inadequate to
provide basic television services needed by our community.

/P

Community television is a valuable and entertaining resource for now
and the future. Please join us with your support of this low cost
television alternative.

/P

Vote "YES" on Measure "J", Wonder Valley is too important not to have
television.

/P

s/Bernard Steppe Jr.

/P

s/Helen Steppe
/P

s/Margery A. Healy
/P

s/Hallie Pernod
/P

s/Louise Borquez
/EP

/MI=J	C=10.631.7100

1/H1

MEASURE "J"

1/H2

REBUTTAL TO ARGUMENT IN FAVOR
/P

$25.00 a year to provide TV translator service to Wonder Valley is a
questionable value even for residents interested in TV services. Any
of the locally available satellite viewing alternatives already offer
10 times the number of channels, with far superior signal quality!

/P

Proponents for TV 4 promise local coverage of events and activities.
Since the TV club has never done so historically, what assurance do
local residents have that this promise will be kept in the future?

/P

Alternatives to TV 4 and their antiquated equipment have never been
more affordable and reliable. TV 4 proponents argue against the cost
of satillite TV systems knowing full well that options currently exist
for the affordable leasing of such systems. Further improvements in
both cost and service promise to make sattilite TV and other TV
technologies more available than ever to Wonder Valley residents. The
lack of Cable service to our community will become increasingly
unimportant in the near future, as will the aging translator
technology that TV 4 proponents want us to buy off on.

/P

The proposed TV 4 assessment would be unfair to Wonder Valley
residents who do not watch TV, unfair to residents who have already
invested in superior satillite viewing systems, and in the end unfair

to would - be TV 4 viewers who will be saddled with a limited,
outmoded system from the past.

/P

I urge you to look to Wonder Valley’s future, and vote NO on TV 4!

/P

s/Mark E. Heuston
/EP

/MI=J	0=10.631.7100

/HI

MEASURE "J"

/H2

ARGUMENT AGAINST
/P

Unlike fire, road, or law enforcement. Television availability does
not provide vital protection to property, life or the public well
being, and has no business being part of a mandatory assessment base.
Under Measure ffJff, many local residents would be assessed for a
service that is not only non critical, they may not even want or use
it! What is perhaps worse is the plight of residents who have already
provided for their viewing needs by investing in privately owned T.V.
sattilite viewing systems, as they would be forced to pay this
superfluous assessment as well.

/P

Those who think they might benefit from the 29 Palms TV Translator
Club’s proposed services need to ask a few questions:	Is the proposed

technology for distributing the service the best available? Are we
locking ourselves in to a "dinosaur” TV technology at a time of rapid
change? Why didn’t the TV Club care enough about us as a "market" to
discuss their plans with us as a community before going to ballot?

/P

In these economically troubled times, it is singularly cruel and
insensitive to saddle the public with additional tax burden, and
particularly for a service not vital to our immediate well being and
protection. The T.V. club’s troubled history is not a valid
justification for allowing them to extort monies from residents who
are niether interested nor willing participants! Let the T.V. Club
succeed or fail in a free market environment, like any other private
or subscriber service provider! I urge you to vote NO on Measure "J".
/P

s/Mark E. Heuston
/EP

/MI=J	C=10.631.7100

/HI

MEASURE "J"

/H2

REBUTTAL TO ARGUMENT AGAINST
/P

In the 20th Century, television has become a means of communication,
education and keeping abreast of day-to-day happenings of local,
national and world-wide nature. This service has been provided by

Morongo Basin Television Club, a non-profit organization, for thirty-
eight (38 years).

/P

The present subscriber fee is one hundred, twenty dollars ($120.00)
annually.

/P

The passing of this measusre will provide continued and improved
service at a cost of twenty-five dollars ($25.00) annually.

/P

Privately owned television satellites are expensive and do not provide
local and community television coverage. Research indicates that
cable providers have no plans to serve the Wonder Valley Community in
the foreseeable future.

/P

Economically, weigh various television service alternatives. Then
compare twenty-five dollars ($25.00) annually to "blank television:
if the measure does not receive your support.

/P

Vote "YES" on Measure "J", Wonder Valley is too important not to have
television.

/P

s/Louise Borquez
/P

s/Bernard Steppe Jr.

/P

s/Helen C. Steppe
/EP

/MI=K	C=ll.632.7110

MEASURE "K"

COUNTY SERVICE AREA 70 - IMPROVEMENT ZONE TV-5 (MESA)

SPECIAL TAX AND APPROPRIATIONS LIMIT

(1)	Shall a special tax be levied to fund television translator and
low-powered television services within Improvement Zone TV-5 of County
Service Area 70 in the maximum amount of $25.00 per year per improved
parcel of real property within the zone? and

(2)	Shall there be established for said Improvement Zone TV-5,
pursuant to Section 4 of Article XIIIB of the California Constitution,
a base appropriations limit of one hundred fifty thousand dollars
($150,000) to enable said zone to expend the proceeds of taxes in the
furnishing of authorized services?

YES

NO

/MI=K	C=ll.632.7110

/HI

MEASURE "K"

/H2

ANALYSIS BY COUNTY COUNSEL*

/PI

This Measure will be presented to the registered voters of County
Service Area 70, Improvement Zone TV-5 (MESA TELEVISION) (hereinafter

"the District") at a special District election to be consolidated with
any other election held on November 7, 1995, within the boundaries of
the District. Voters will vote "Yes" or "No" on the proposal.

/PI

Part (1) of the Measure proposes authorization for the Board of
Supervisors, acting as the governing body of the District, to levy a
special tax each year upon each improved parcel of real property
within the District. The maximum amount of tax which could be levied
under this Measure would be $25.00 per year, per improved parcel of
real property within the District. This tax would be collected in the
same manner and at the same time as County real property taxes are
collected. Resulting revenues would be used to provide television
translator and low-power television services within the District.

/PI

The authorization proposed is not limited as to time. The Board of
Supervisors could, but is not required to, levy a tax in the above
amount or less each year for the purposes described in the Measure.

/PI

Part (2) of the Measure proposes authorization to expend revenues.
Article XIIIB of the California Constitution places a maximum limit
upon the authority of governmental agencies to appropriate the
proceeds of tax revenues and state subventions. Section 4 of Article
XIIIB requires that the base appropriations limit is to be established
by the voters of such districts.

/PI

At present, the District has no appropriations limit and therefore
cannot expend any proceeds which it might receive from taxes or from
state subventions. Part (1) of the Measure proposes a special tax
within the District, and under existing law the proceeds of such a tax
could not be expended unless a base year appropriations limit is
approved by the qualified voters voting on the Measure. Such base
limit would continue in effect indefinitely, with yearly adjustments,
unless changed by the voters.

/PI

Part (1) of the Measure proposes a "special tax" within the meaning of
Article XIIIA of the California Constitution and as such, can only be
approved if it receives a "Yes" vote from two-thirds or more of the
qualified voters voting on the Measure.

/PI

Since Parts (1) and (2) are submitted as a single Measure, the entire
Measure must receive a "Yes" vote from two-thirds or more of the
qualified voters in order to be approved.

/PI

Therefore, a "Yes" vote is a vote in favor of authorizing the proposed
special tax and establishing a base year appropriations limit of
$150,000.

/PI

A "No" vote is a vote against such authorization and establishment.

/P5

* Section 9160 of the Elections Code requires the County Counsel to
prepare an impartial analysis of measures appearing on the ballot.

C=ll.632.7110

/EP
/MI=K
/HI

MEASURE "K"

/H2

ARGUMENT IN FAVOR
/P

Passage of Measure "K" ensures that television service will be
provided to Flamingo Heights, Landers and portions of Copper Mountain
Mesa and Yucca Mesa within the boundaries known as "TV-5". The cost
is reasonable at twenty-five ($25) per year, per improved parcel.

/P

Six television channels are to be broadcast initially. Additional
channels will be added as permitted by the Federal Communications
Commission.

/P

Community events, public meetings and activities of local interest are
planned for broadcast on the community’s low power television channel.
/P

Historically, television services have been provided to residents of
our community by expensive satellite television systems, or through
television translators operated by the Morongo Basin Television Club,
a non-profit organization.

/P

Satellite television has failed to offer any local news coverage for
our community, and remains an expensive option for television
reception. Cable television providers have no plans to serve our
community within the foreseeable future, and voluntary contributions
to the Morongo Basin Television Club are inadequate to provide basic
television services needed by our community.

/P

Community television is a valuable and entertaining resource for now
and the future. Please join us with your support of this low cost
television alternative.

/P

Vote "YES" on Measure ,fKff, our community is too important not to have
television.

/P

s/Dolores King<EL>

##Resident & Vice President Morongo Basin TV Club
/P

s/Doris J. Stasse<EL>

##Concerned Resident
/P

s/Harold D. Drake<EL>

##Concerned Resident
/P

s/Robert Dockendorf<EL>

##President, Flamingo Heights Association
/P

s/Phillip L. Spring<EL>

##President, Copper Mountain Mesa Association

/H2

<BD>NO ARGUMENT AGAINST MEASURE "K" WAS FILED<RM>

/EP

/MI=C	C=3.426.730

MEASURE 11C"

CITY OF CHINO
GENERAL PLAN AMENDMENT

Shall the General Plan of the City of Chino be amended to change the
zoning on a small number of parcels of land -- located south of
Riverside Drive, west of Ninth Street, east of Fourth Street and north
of C Street -- from commercial to single family detached residential
to be consistent with existing land uses?

YES

NO

/MI=C	0=3.426.730

/HI

MEASURE "C"

/H4

ORDINANCE 95-16
/P7

AN ORDINANCE OF THE PEOPLE OF THE CITY OF
CHINO, CALIFORNIA, TO AMEND CHAPTER 20.01
OF THE CHINO MUNICIPAL CODE TO CONFORM
THE RESIDENTIAL CHARACTER OF A SMALL
NUMBER OF PARCELS OF LAND ZONED FOR
COMMERCIAL USE
/PI

WHEREAS, the people of the City of Chino adopted Measure M on November
8, 1988 which was codified as Chapter 20.01 of the Chino Municipal
Code; and
/PI

WHEREAS, the adoption of Measure M limits the proliferation of
multiple family residential developments by prohibiting the City
Council of the City of Chino from zoning non-residential land for
residential uses without voter approval; and
/PI

WHEREAS, an area within the City, described below, contains parcels of
land zoned for commercial use but actually developed for residential
use which is the best use of said parcels; and
/PI

WHEREAS, the purpose of this ordinance is to conform the zoning of a
small number of parcels of land within the area, described below, to
the existing residential use of said parcels of land;

/PI

WHEREAS, the voters of the City of Chino have approved this
ordinance.

/PI

NOW, THEREFORE, THE PEOPLE OF THE CITY OF CHINO DO HEREBY ORDAIN AS
FOLLOWS: